A young girl who disappeared more than two years ago
in Central New York has been found alive.
Police found Paislee Shultis in this secret compartment
under the stairs in a home that they had searched before.
Officials say the little girl was
abducted by her biological parents
after they lost custody of her.
Our National Correspondant, Jericka Duncan
shows us now, how one detective paying very close attention
made the startling discovery.
After two years of searching, detectives finally
found Paislee Shulits in this home in Saugerties, New York,
huddled in a small wet space beneath the staircase.
One of my detectives was--
walked up and down the steps a number of times
during the course of the search.
And he said there was just something
about the steps that was off.
He used a flashlight and where two of the step boards
came together, he looked through the crack
and he saw what he believed was a blanket.
Eventually, they saw a pair of little feet
and when they got more boards off,
they found the little girl Paislee.
The girl, now six years old, was discovered with her mother
Kimberly Cooper.
Police believe Cooper and the girl's father, Kirk Shultis,
Jr. kidnapped Paislee, after losing custody of her in 2019.
Investigators had been to the home before.
It belonged to the girl's paternal grandfather.
But investigators say a fresh tip
led them to believe the child was being
hidden inside the residence.
On Monday, officers arrived with a search warrant.
They were adamant with our officers
that the child was not there, which
led me to believe after the fact,
that they had done this so many times and gotten away with it.
Both biological parents, along with Paisley's grandfather,
were arrested and are now facing several charges,
including endangering the welfare of a child.
Paislee is in good health and was reunited with her older
sister and legal guardian.
For CBS Mornings, Jericka Duncan, New York.
It's a very ugly story.
The police also said that the little girl had not
been taught to read or write.
She's now 6.
And if you have ever had a six-year-old,
it's not easy to get them to do anything, let alone get
under a stair and then be hammered in
and then stay quiet, that's not a pretty picture.
I'm curious to know why they lost custody.
Stories of missing kids usually don't
end with them being found.
She is safe and alive, we're happy about that.
That is awesome news.